 1. What is Semantic HTML? the biulding blocks of web development
    2. What is HTML used for? used to establish different elements
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? it provides additional information about elements, in the tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? to establish the header, only use it once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes. paragraphs and header
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? the main title
    7. What is an id? a specific attribute
    8. What elements can I add an id to? h1-6, p
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? only once
    10. What is a class? an attribute
    11. What elements can I add a class to? header, footer, h1-6, p, div, section
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? many
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? alternative description
    15. How do I reference an id? .
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. a section indications a blocked group, a div is an unblocked group and sections can be in them
    17. What is CSS used for? to add apperance
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class can be many elements, id is only one. you can give every section the same class but only the first section an id.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? #
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? #human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? parent>child, to see what children belong to the parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? #sidebar div>links
    24. What is a pseudo selector? it only selects when it is in play
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{border-style: dotted; border-color: black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? it displays at the top
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm because it is permanent and without warning
    34. Why should I use version control? it keeps previous versions 
    35. How often should I commit to github? often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? add commit push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork the repo, open terminal, open where it will be stored, git clone repo-name, cd repo-name, git checkout -b "firstname-lastname", add, commit, push often

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
